Xiao Liutian, what if you play with me and you?
What right do you have to negotiate terms with me?
I just want to insult you and Chen Tianze
This is the price you pay for insulting yourself
You bastard
Since Yarong is here, don't want to leave
What do you want?
Aren't you very cold?
You want to divorce me?
Okay, then I will reward you to my subordinates today
Instead, the video was posted online
Let's see.
Holy Unstoppable
How was Shangguan Yachen convicted?
You might as well kill me
Impossible to rest assured
I will slowly torture you to death
Wait until you die
It's your turn
I let go let go
Tianze
Chen Tianze, how did you know I was here?
But you came just in time
Then let you see for yourself
How did I slowly torture life?
So what?
Xiao Long hears that you dislike eye movement
I'll let you die today
All
Where did you get the courage to talk to me like that?
With just one sentence from this young master, Shangguan can often drink too much
In the capital, I just listened
What is it?
God today